Why does that name sound familiar?
It's you, it's me
I heard you two
He is the best among his colleagues
I'm so happy for you
Hahaha
It turns out that you are so painstaking
Just to get along with us
Get something from us
That's okay.
I don't have it.
I am also the general manager of Qinghe Group
Xiaoxue has also been promoted to the head of the sales department
You
He must have heard the news and wanted to approach us, right?
I said he was a misunderstanding
I didn't know you were here.
Wan Jiaqi, stop pretending
What is your job now?
What kind of treatment?
I used to work as a security guard
Not working for now
Haha security
What security guard?
Isn't it the one who opens the door?
You can't even do your job as a security guard
Do you still want to join Qinghe Group?
Isn't that easy?
Like I said, I don't want to be emotionally ill.
You can support yourself now.